<h1>IMS Portal Survey AutoFiller</h1><p>A Chrome Extension that simplifies the process of filling out the IMSciences portal survey form. With just one click, the extension automatically fills out the form with the required information, saving users time and effort.</p><h2>Features</h2><ul><li>Auto-fill the IMSciences portal survey form with just one click</li><li>Save time and effort by eliminating the need to manually enter information</li><li>Easy to install and use</li><li>Designed for IMSciences students, staff, and faculty</li></ul><h2>Installation</h2><ol><li>Download the extension from the <a href="https://github.com/Abw-0l0/IMSportal_survey_autoFiller" target="_new">releases</a> page</li><li>Go to chrome://extensions in your browser</li><li>Enable "Developer mode"</li><li>Click "Load unpacked" and select the downloaded folder</li><li>The extension will now be installed and ready to use.</li></ol><h2>Usage</h2><ol><li>Go to the IMSciences portal survey form.</li><li>Click the "Auto-fill" button, which will appear on the form page.</li><li>The form will be automatically filled with the required information.</li><li>Review the information, and submit the form.</li></ol><h2>Support</h2><p>If you have any issues with the extension or have any suggestions for improvements, please open an issue on the <a href="https://github.com/Abw-0l0/IMSportal_survey_autoFiller" target="_new">GitHub page</a></p><h2>Note</h2><p>Please use this extension ethically and responsibly, not to break any rules or policy of the IMSciences or any other institutes.</p><div class="markdown prose w-full break-words dark:prose-invert light"><h2>Authors</h2><ul><li><a href="https://github.com/FarrukhTahir5/" target="_new">Farrukh Tahir</a></li><li><a href="https://github.com/Abw-0l0/" target="_new">Abdul Basit Iqbal</a></li></ul><p>This extension is co-created by both of us to make the daily form fillings more effortless for the students, staff, and faculty of IMSciences.</p><p>This is a Markdown format which suitable for a README.md file. It displays the authors section with the links for both authors, that way the users can easily navigate to the individual author's profile. You can place this section in the README file.</p></div>
